hey what's up I'm Kim HD here welcome
back to dope Tech this we already know
Tech and production value is already
some of the most fun stuff we do here
and I remember one of my favorite
episodes of this we ever did was playing
with the cinema robots in Portland and
by the end thinking
it's crazy but I think we might have to
get one of these things
and I have a sneaky feeling that might
be happening again on this shoot because
well this isn't my normal Studio as you
may have thought
could get interesting
all right welcome back to another
episode of dope Tech I've got three
really interesting things I want to show
you guys for this one the first one as
you can probably already tell is a piece
of video production Tech I get
unnecessarily excited about the bleeding
edge of production video stuff but this
this is a whole different kind of
production this would be what's referred
to as virtual production so let's rewind
for a second I want to oversimplify but
I think there's basically three
different types of three different
levels of production level one being
everything is practical everything is
real it's exactly how you see it the
background everything you see in this
Frame a YouTube video for example might
be totally practical that's level one
level two is where some of the things
you're seeing in the video are virtual
maybe it's a blue screen or green screen
maybe it's a virtual animal or a some
magical video animation or some Motion
Graphics or things like that but then
number three
the top level would be fully virtual
completely unreal as I would say think
like The Lion King or Avatar so I
recently got to visit a studio space in
Brooklyn New York called zero space that
has something called an XR stage and
this thing is somewhere right on the
border blurring a line between level two
and level three it's kinda real but
technically not real so there are a
whole bunch of shows and and things you
probably watch right now the Mandalorian
being probably the most famous among
them that use this version of virtual
production so I mentioned the green
screens or blue screens earlier these
are obviously cool because in the edit
you can replace anything that's the
color green with whatever you want maybe
a new background or environment and then
if the actors are good enough they can
act like that environment is really
around them but this is next level so
this is the XR stage what you're looking
at is a 50 plus foot 8K video wall very
expensive but absolutely loaded with
Tech when you point cameras at them and
the advantages are very real so number
one the actors or anyone in front of the
screen can actually have an easier time
interacting with their environment
because they can actually see it instead
of imagining you know a totally
different environment when there's just
like a bunch of green and some trackers
Bend number two the camera's position in
space is actually tracked with this
little piece here from Red spy on top of
the camera and that information is
relayed in real time back to the display
so the background actually moves when
the camera moves now this is huge so if
you build a volumetric environment a 3D
environment in something like Unreal
Engine the camera movement maintains
this Parallax effect and looks super
realistic like you're actually in a new
space unlike what I did in the intro
which was just sort of like a taste of
what it's capable of with a flat image
so then number three and there's
actually a huge one if you're an editor
there's no green spill like if you've
ever tried to edit Green Screen Video
you already know it takes a lot of
talent and editing to fully remove the
background green and even still there's
occasional green light spilling onto
Fabric and skin and like glass and
Reflections and things like that the
last two percent of green but with the
video wall there is no green spill well
actually there is Spill but it isn't
green it's just light that perfectly
matches your environment there's
actually all kinds of extra lights and
things like that around the set as well
even a ceiling display to make this
happen so all of the lights and all the
colors of light hitting the person in
the environment will look just exactly
like they're supposed to as if they were
actually in that space so all of that is
awesome but
the most impressive thing that I learned
while I was there and this really blew
my mind is you already know you can have
a camera and then a person and then a
background video wall and then as the
camera is moving around The Parallax
effect matches to show what the camera
should see in real time
but this setup can actually do more than
one camera
at the same time and if you're thinking
wait a second how can two different
cameras how can how can that background
moving effect work with two different
camera angles at the same time won't one
of them always be wrong or what happens
if they they overlap
and this is where it gets crazy so this
giant 8K video wall is refreshing at 120
frames per second so as there are two
different cameras pointed at it each
camera is shooting 60 FPS but they're
synced up so that they're actually each
shooting alternating frames
I'm going to say that again each camera
is shooting 60 FPS but they're not
shooting the same 60 FPS so it's almost
as if like one blinks while the other
shoots a frame and then the other blinks
while the other shoots a frame and they
go back and forth and so both cameras
can be pointed at the same wall at the
same time and see completely different
things so that solves the problem for
two different video cameras both motion
tracking correctly at the same time
matter of fact this particular display
this serospace has can go up to 180
frames per second which can accommodate
six different motion tracked cameras all
shooting 30 FPS the crack frame rate all
at the same time and all seeing six
different things so I got to explore the
space with fellow Creator Cleo Abram and
she's put together an awesome video on
her Channel huge if true it really blew
our minds that this worked so well and
that you know even to our natural our
naked eye like things could kind of to
blend and you can kind of see that two
things are happening at once but
absolutely nothing that one camera sees
bleeds into what the other camera sees
we literally had them light up the
display behind us and it showed up as a
perfectly blue blue screen on One camera
and a perfectly green green screen to a
different camera at the same time and it
just showed up as like kind of bluish
greenish to our eyes so seeing this then
all the gears start turning about all
the ways you could use this I just
imagine you have you know the crazy
desert background of the Mandalorian but
the lines for the actors to read are on
the wall but the cameras can't see them
or tracking points or just all kinds of
it's so so many things you can do with
it it really got me thinking of if
there's a way that we could use some
sort of some parts of this in our own
space obviously we build
these are real sets they're not virtual
sets but I just you know I want to think
about ways and maybe I could do
something like this in our own space
anyway do yourself a favor and watch
clio's video which is also going live
today we got even way more into the
details and some real world examples of
the XR stage plus a bunch of other
interesting examples of virtual
production techniques complete with
animations and more mind-blowing video
facts literally as soon as you finish
this video it'll be the first link of
the like button click that watch hers
it's so worth it and Shout out again to
zerospace for letting us explore again
I'm I'm gonna probably be back in touch
with you guys I'm gonna try to figure
out a way to make that happen here
somehow
some way okay next one hard pivot to a
piece of tech that I've been using
actually for a while it's a piece of
Home Tech that's why I'm home for this
one and uh sleeping Tech actually when I
was first told about the existence of
this piece of tech I was kind of
surprised about it but then I had a lot
of questions and so when eight sleep
reached out and wanted to sponsor this
video and they had all the answers well
I was very interested so you might have
heard of ate sleep they're kind of
blowing up recently but basically the
main thing they make is a temperature
controlled bed actually it's a Topper so
what it does is it wraps around your
current mattress it's called a pod cover
and the main feature the idea is it
completely controls the temperature of
the surface of your bed so it can be
nice and crisp and cool when you first
climb into bed and then nice and warm in
the morning and make it easier to get
out of bed which is pretty awesome I
feel like there's two types of people
people that fall asleep instantly in
like five minutes and then people who
think it's like a superpower to be able
to fall asleep instantly and that's me
I'm in the second group for sure I've
historically took at least half an hour
to fall asleep anytime but science shows
pretty definitively you've probably
heard this before that cool temperatures
are pretty ideal for falling asleep
quickly and then staying asleep and
being well rested basically that
temperature is one of the absolute top
factors for quality of sleep so the
eight sleep basically what it is it's
this box next to the bed which has much
stuff in it a compressor a reservoir and
a whole computer it barely makes a
whisper of noise and that connects to
the bed via tubes and then the whole top
of this bed this cover is lined with
these capillaries through the whole
thing these veins for either the warm or
cooled water to flow through and
importantly there's two halves so if you
sleep at a different temperature from
your partner which let's be honest I
feel like everyone says they do then you
can have each side of the bed be a
different temperature and on the piece
that brings it all together is this app
on the phone and it lets you basically
turn a dial to bring it between
-10 and 10 those are the levels of
temperature and that signifies basically
55 degrees Fahrenheit all the way at the
bottom which is pretty chill all the way
up to 110 degrees Fahrenheit at plus 10
which is straight up hot so I don't need
nearly that much range but it's nice to
have I go to sleep at -4 and I warm up
to plus two that's as warm as I really
ever need it but yeah I guess now I can
say my bed this bed is literally water
cooled so that's pretty sick so the
thing is once you've used it for I think
about a week basically it settles into a
routine where it cools down before you
get into bed and slowly adjust
temperature over the course of the night
they call it autopilot I think but there
are different stages of sleep where
it'll slowly warm up overnight until
it's at the temperature that you want to
wake up at but then on top of that
there's a host of other features that
are in the eight sleep membership which
is a monthly subscription which I don't
love but it actually has a bunch of
really useful features so the first is
autopilot which I talked about but then
the second there are a bunch of these
sleep tracking features I typically warn
the Apple watch to sleep for the past
couple months and it's on your wrist and
it can read a bunch of things about you
from your wrist but clearly the best
thing to measure your sleep would be the
thing you sleep on so the mattress
itself so we can tell when you get into
bed of course when you get up and it
grafts out when you're in these
different stages of sleep through the
night it even somehow measures your
heart rate and breathing rate if you
want it to and then it does a good job
in the UI of highlighting with like
little green or red markers when things
are going well and when things are a
little bit off so you can see here on
this terrible night of sleep I had that
there are certain things clearly that I
didn't do well like I went to sleep late
despite waking up at a normal time and I
fell asleep quickly but I took a while
to get up so the next night of sleep you
can see was much better whole bunch of
green here basically Flawless it also
has a vibration alarm it will literally
lightly vibrate just your side of the
bed to wake you up silently which is
pretty sick and it also gets continuous
software updates over time honestly this
thing has been pretty awesome for me
personally over the past couple of weeks
that I've had it like I said I've had it
for a while the one thing that I feel
like is pretty definitive proof for me
anyway that it's working or helping me
sleep better uh the Apple watch likes to
tell me when I have a low heart rate
when I when I go below 40 beats per
minute for a long time it gives me a low
heart rate notification but that's
actually potentially a good thing if
you're recovering well and the first
week or two after I started sleeping
well with the cooled mattress I would
wake up with like 10 to 15 low heart
rate notifications which meant that my
heart rate was getting lower and I was
recovering better and sleeping better
which is pretty cool so in an age where
humans are basically sleeping worse than
ever before with all the tech around us
all the screens that are around us every
night it's pretty cool to have a piece
of tech that actually helps us sleep
better at least it helps me anyway you
can try it too if you want to you can
get 200 off by using the code MKBHD on
their site I definitely think this
qualifies as dope Tech
okay last but not least how about a
little bit of an exclusive
this is your first look at the nothing
phone 2.
which looks a lot like the nothing fun
one but you guys have heard a lot of the
hype you've seen some of the teasers so
let me show you what I am allowed to
show you of what's new so this is the
phone one here with the glyphs and the
lights on the back and this is the phone
too slightly tweaked design definitely
nothing dramatic at first glance here
since they're trying to establish their
visual design as a young company you
know you can't go dramatically changing
it every time but same shapes slightly
lighter gray slightly more rounded glass
actually on the back but we'll get to
all that in the full review video of
this phone for now in this exclusive I
can show you what's actually new with
the glyph interface the actual lights on
the back so first of all nothing fun one
had five strips of white LEDs with this
pattern with this new one the shapes are
in the same place but there are some
tweaks you can see the arc around the
camera is split into two strips and the
big one in the middle is now separated
out into six pieces these are all still
white LEDs no color or RGB or anything
crazy but the main Improvement is
actually just that there are more
addressable LED zones inside of each of
the strips which is kind of fun so you
probably remember you could already use
the bottom exclamation mark as a
charging progress indicator that does
still work so before the entire back of
the phone had a total of 12 different
LED lighting zones controllable by the
software this new one has a total of 33
across the back and just this strip up
here at the top uh gets 16 to itself so
it's much more precise and granular and
so they've designed some features
actually around using that as a progress
indicator so there's a volume indicator
now so when you have media playing it
literally just shows your volume level
and as you move it up and down you can
see that light go up and down with it
there's a glyph timer built in so you
can set a timer to a predetermined
length of time using the UI then flip
the phone over to start the timer and
you can see it slowly rolls down through
the LEDs to count down and give you a
visual indicator of when the timer will
be over I kind of like this one for
working those of you who use the
Pomodoro Technique will probably find
this useful and there's also plans for
this to be addressable by Third parties
so you can imagine so Uber and zamato
are the only two that are signed up
right now but kind of the same way Apple
had to get developers on board with
their live activities in iOS same idea
you can imagine waiting for an Uber and
turning the phone down and sort of
seeing the progress of when the car gets
closer and closer until it arrives
things like that ideally they can get
more on board for things that just make
sense for Progress bar stuff now you
might remember last time I was I was
specifically asking for more
customization stuff so I could tell what
app I was getting a notification from
without flipping the phone over
this is still all white LEDs there's no
colors or anything like that but there
is one new feature called essential
notifications where basically if you
have a certain app that's important to
you that you get notifications from
it'll stay lit up in this corner strip
and this stays lit until that
notification is addressed so it's not
fully customizable like I can't assign a
different app to each of the different
lighting zones but for at least this one
app you'll always know when you've got a
notification from it and then they also
added this neat little glyph composer so
if you want to literally design your own
ringtone you can go full DJ mode
so that is your first look at the glyph
update on the back of the new nothing
phone 2.
still sort of like on the borderline
between gimmick and useful for a lot of
people but it is at least a little bit
more customizable and you'll have to get
subscribed to see all the rest of the
new stuff with this phone except you'll
know what I've been finding in my
testing that's coming up the sub button
is below of course but that's been it
thanks for watching dope Tech
catch you guys the next one
peace